metadata spec field names snake case (#467)
ministryofjustice/find-moj-data: README.md

the local version of chromedriver and chrome may drift apart.
If so, update both to the latest version: update your local chrome
and run `npm install -g chromedriver chromedriver@latest` to install the latest chromedriver.

## Frontend styling

> If making changes to the css, to ensure your changes are reflected in local deployments, run:
> `npm run dependencies` followed by `poetry run python manage.py collectstatic` to write the
> local static files that reflect the stylings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If making changes to the scss, to ensure your changes are reflected in local deployments, run:
`npm run dependencies` to update the css files. If you have `DEBUG=False` you will then need to rerun `poetry run python manage.py collectstatic`.
```

Clarifying this - normally we should have DEBUG=True in local dev.
